Authentication ==========Authentication Methods implemented in the &quot;Authentication&quot; component. Thus, &quot;Authentication&quot; has to be specified as TargetName in RemoteMethodCalls.&#10;    The Authentication Component has to be supported in all Profiles.&#10;  ##Members<table>    <tr>        <th>Name</th>        <th>Required Trust Level</th>        <th>Parameters</th>        <th>Returns</th>        <th>Description</th>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>EstablishConnection</td>        <td>0</td>        <td>none</td>        <td><code>boolean</code></td>        <td>Establishes a connection to the client. The client answers with true or false, indicating if it is willing to accept a connection.</td>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>KeyExchange</td>        <td>1</td>        <td>          <code>string publickey</code><br />          <code>string iv</code><br />        </td>        <td><code>string</code></td>        <td>Exchanges a key for message encryption using the Diffie-Hellman key-exchange. The calling client passes his public key for the key-exchange and the initialization vector for the AES-encryption as parameters.&#10;        The called client will respond respond with his public key. Both clients can now derive a key for encrypting messages. Both the public key and the initialization vector are base64-encoded.</td>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>ClusterAuthGetToken</td>        <td>2</td>        <td>none</td>        <td><code>string</code></td>        <td>Request a new token for cluster authentication from the called client.</td>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>ClusterAuthVerify</td>        <td>2</td>        <td>          <code>string verificationKey</code><br />        </td>        <td><code>boolean</code></td>        <td>The calling client verifies it cluster-membership by sending a verification-key. The called client will answer with either true or false, indicating whether the key was valid.</td>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>ClusterAuthRequestVerification</td>        <td>2</td>        <td>none</td>        <td><code>boolean</code></td>        <td>Ask the called client to verify it&#39;s cluster-membership using the specified token. The called client will use the token to generate a verification key and call ClusterAuthVerify() on the calling client. It will answer with true or false indicating whether it&#39;s authentication was completed successfully.</td>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>UserAuthGetToken</td>        <td>3</td>        <td>none</td>        <td><code>string</code></td>        <td>Requests a new token for user authentication.</td>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>UserAuthVerify</td>        <td>3</td>        <td>          <code>string username</code><br />          <code>string userAuthKey</code><br />        </td>        <td><code>boolean</code></td>        <td>Verifies the specified verification-key for the indicated username and answers with true or false, indicating whether the user was authenticated or not.</td>    </tr>    <tr>        <td>AwardTrustLevel</td>        <td>0</td>        <td><code>int32 trustLevel</code></td>        <td><code>void</code></td>        <td>Notifies the called client that he has reached the indicated trust-level.</td>    </tr></table>